Hi, guys.
Walker and I knew click on the harpsichord button.
It's going to hide the item.
So the cuts.
So now in this lecture, regular display, those added item.
Okay, not to do this, we're gonna need to go back to our visit code.
And first of all, we're going to go to the cuts screen.
Okay.
Great.
Now what we're going to first do is we're going to need access to this.
Get cuts, I tell him, and you know that I says this gets cuts.
I tell him we need to, first of all, assess this cuts, provide that class.
Okay, not to do this.
We're going to go back to the cuts screen.
Okay.
Now we can use culture and be.
Well, there we're going to create a finer variable.
We can call this on the score cards provider raising the on the score because they want to make this
variable private so that we are not going to be able to call this variable aside this fine.
Okay.
Everything is equal to the provider.
Then the case.
You can alights and use controlled darting at airports.
Then thoughts of contest.
Okay.
Add your semicolon and we're going to call the cots provider class.
Okay, great.
Now, instead of this item counts, we can call cuts.
And it's this and this string together.
Okay, so you can use this and how to dollar sign.
And then what the scorecards provider.
Dirt gets it in there, not lent.
This is going to give us how many items we have added to our carts.
Okay.
Now we can use control and save.
Now go check it out.
Go back and go to the cuts.
Okay.
Because we have on the cuts, I think.
Right.
Okay.
Now, instead of this, Terry, we're going to get rid of this and call the cuts provider.
Dirt gets cut by ten dirt lint.
Right.
Okay.
Now this control.
And is.
Contrariness.
Okay.
So contrariness.
The key.
I think the committee is going to delete and.
Say that gets okay.
Cause I tell the client.
Now control and excessive.
You're going to see one.
Okay.
Now let's go back to the fields and then how this.
Hearts of cards.
Okay.
You're going to see two now.
Right.
Okay.
And that's what we have to not in this thing we're going to do is we're going to display the item.